good boys here like on said
before here you see I do not know if you see
min
here I am formerly because that
with the feet, the
wineries in the most good methods
modern
here I 'm not going to put on maybe like in
a small amount good good the
same qatar method to step on but
with fists in his hands but this
We can use the green cuffs to
paste the pachorra to the wine we already make
sport and we save energy
it's an example
here we are billing there are two things
very important for this of the wine and
wine in general for some things and
others for red wine
one for red wine you know that you
I said that there is for the
fermentation has to be all
let's say in the same container both
sorcerers the digital skins like
the engine you already know always taking away what
which is the woody part of the bunch or what
what is the wood or in the wood
and good guys, as I'm telling you
there are some asuntillos for example this
wine that this wine, let's say, look
of pruning as I said before would have a
inconvenient to do it in most
of the
of the sites let's say for example
and I did not have the stove here because I did not
it would be possible to do this because the
temperature at this time is already
too low for fermentation that
now the red wine from let's say
from about 22 23 degrees to about 30
degrees approximately is a good
temperature for good to have that
that fermentation
that is the engine process and hence the
mothers of wine then it is in
that in having a good temperature
because if not in this time you realize
already in the time that we are
that four days are over we are in
Christmas and well then
thank you in your favor here I can do
say I have my cacharrito d
of wine to make wines
Well guys, here we are going to do
the theme
the second step since it is
you always know that I recommend you
recipients a way of
to use them let's say is to serve us counted
with thyme and rosemary
they are used we already have the grape
milled
we already have the most ground grape
we have the solid part and the part
liquid already good revolves together but
no riots before they were together and
revolts and now already so together but not
then revolt then the second step
I would already say pass it to a container
metal
always trying that
the container is enough
big enough for it to be hollow for
good the hat that is said ah good to
that
fermentation of that solid part of the
fermentation that remains in the
surface
and what we say is
the part
that will give you all your
let's say benefit all your juice all your
substance to this engine that I already tell you
that even with these same mothers if
white must was added then
reality I would still have red wine
I already say that this is to make a
flowers a small amount for
give him a point
something that I give point gallant now
for the moment in this step because I say
we see that
this step is easy
to help the fermentation we are going to
throw
a little bit to realize that this more
or less you have to throw
imagine that a gram
between a gram and a half for every ten
kilos of grapes or imagine that I have
more or less would have about five kilos of
grape approximately because in reality it
I'm going to take that, not even a gram
I'm going to throw here a little
and then there are different products that
they have always been thrown out before
he was thrown
let's say sulfur today the acid good
sulphurous the methane and sulfite that is
this
what good provided by here more or
less is not very complicated they found
which is increasingly complicated by
containers that bring
mostly so you can understand me kind
spray or dental bottle then then
to get a small amount where
it's not because of the cost, because actually
You must annular beyond having
let's say think portals in some warehouse
I already say this product would be for the
fermentation will be fought
we will not return
and we will leave it then
here at a relative distance in which
those degrees
continually
and start at any time
and very important
is that this cell you have to have
let's say of this pay although it is better
because if not, that's going to be
mosquitoes of stories is better to put
for example a gauze a mosquito net or
something like that like I'm going to do
work later but in reality the process
of cessation and good guys, we have already
seen here another little thing about this
make him wine we're a sob